workflows/{labels,reviewers}: fix concurrency groups for nested workflows (#416448)
NixOS/nixpkgs: .github/workflows/README.md

- **head commit**: The HEAD commit in the pull request's branch. Same as `github.event.pull_request.head.sha`.
- **merge commit**: The temporary "test merge commit" that GitHub Actions creates and updates for the pull request. Same as `refs/pull/${{ github.event.pull_request.number }}/merge`.
- **target commit**: The base branch's parent of the "test merge commit" to compare against.

## Concurrency Groups

> We use [GitHub's Concurrency Groups](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/writing-workflows/choosing-what-your-workflow-does/control-the-concurrency-of-workflows-and-jobs) to cancel older jobs on force pushes to Pull Requests.

Reviewer: Do we only cancel on _force_ push or _any_ push?

When two workflows are in the same group, a newer workflow cancels an older workflow.
Thus, it is important how to construct the group keys:

- Because we want to run jobs for different events at same time, we add `github.event_name` to the key. This is the case for the `pull_request` which runs on changes to the workflow files to test the new files and the same workflow from the base branch run via `pull_request_event`.

> - We don't want workflows of different Pull Requests to cancel each other, so we include `github.event.pull_request.number`. The [GitHub docs](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/writing-workflows/choosing-what-your-workflow-does/control-the-concurrency-of-workflows-and-jobs#example-using-a-fallback-value) show using `github.head_ref` for this purpose, but this doesn't work well with forks: Different users could have the same head branch name in their forks and run CI for their PRs at the same time.

Reviewer: > Different users could have the same head branch name in their forks and run CI for their PRs at the same time.

I assumed that `head_ref` would be `refs/pull/1234/head`. Is it actually the branch name? :eyes:

> - Sometimes, there is no `pull_request.number`. That's the case for `push` or `workflow_run` events. In this case, we add a fallback of `github.run_id`, to make sure that those run to completion in any case.

Reviewer: This feels like something that could be situational. In some scenarios cancelling an older `push` job may actually be what we want.

IIUC adding `run_id` to a group effectively makes it guaranteed to be a singleton group; i.e. it'll never be cancelled by another run.

---

Regardless of the above feedback, the current wording could be tweaked:
```suggestion
- Sometimes, there is no `pull_request.number`. That's the case for `push` or `workflow_run` events. To ensure non-PR runs are never cancelled, we add a fallback of `github.run_id`. This is a unique value for each workflow run.
```

> - Of course, we run multiple workflows at the same time, so we add `github.workflow` to the key. Otherwise workflows would cancel each other.

Reviewer: TIL; before your recent PRs I'd always assumed concurrency groups were intrinsically per-workflow, such that `workflow_a.yml` can't ever cancel `workflow_b.yml`. :see_no_evil:

Reviewer 2: Thanks GitHub 🤦🏻

> - There is a special case for reusable workflows called via `workflow_call` - they will have `github.workflow` set to their parent workflow's name. Thus, they would cancel each other. That's why we additionally hardcode the name of the workflow as well.

Reviewer: :+1:

> This results in a key with the following semantics:

Reviewer: Should this be less prescriptive?

```suggestion
In practice, this means concurrency groups are usually defined with the following semantics:
```
